Add 0.21 release notes for various PRs (#1267)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

### New features

* Submariner now has partial support for IPv6 and dual-stack environments. The following aspects are currently not supported:
  * Globalnet
  * VXLAN cable driver
  * Wireguard cable driver
  * Gateway LoadBalancer

### Other changes

* Fixed an issue with Globalnet that caused global ingress IPs for services to be re-allocated on restart of the Globalnet controller pod.
* Fixed an issue which resulted in stale remote endpoint entries in the `RouteAgent` resource causing erroneous failures
  reported from `subctl diagnose`.
* Fixed an issue with Service Discovery that caused duplicate `EndpointSlice` resources to be created.

> * Fixed an issue introduced in OCP 4.18 that disrupted inter-cluster traffic due to OVN-K SNAT.

Reviewer: No. There was no traffic disruption, just the srcIP getting SNATed.  Better would be something like
```suggestion
* Fixed an issue introduced in OCP 4.18 where OVN-K SNAT would overwrite the source IP of pkts on reaching destination cluster.
```

### New features

* Submariner now has partial support for IPv6 and dual-stack environments. The following aspects are currently not supported:
  * Globalnet
  * VXLAN cable driver
  * Wireguard cable driver

>   * Gateway LoadBalancer

Author: @yboaron @aswinsuryan ☝️

* Fixed an issue which resulted in stale remote endpoint entries in the `RouteAgent` resource causing erroneous failures
  reported from `subctl diagnose`.
* Fixed an issue with Service Discovery that caused duplicate `EndpointSlice` resources to be created.

> * Fixed an issue introduced in OCP 4.18 that disrupted inter-cluster traffic due to OVN-K SNAT.

Author: @yboaron @aswinsuryan Does this sound correct?
